yeah making a banner with an American
flag it's so easy even a three-year-old
do it there we go we have an American
flag we have a control rod from a park
zone warbird Glamis will you take the
flag off the pole take the pole away
from the flag thank you
now will you hand me the control rod
thank you okay
what we'll do is we'll put the control
rod in there carefully I have the clevis
off the control rod all right Oh can you
help me just put that thing in there
like that go ahead here and then I'll
just keep it straight you push it there
you go Hey there you go you're doing it
no more
I think we got it yeah good it's all the
way in there then all the I'll attach
the control rod to the to the clevis of
the top like this
just a flag good now that is good
basically fishing wire strung through
the flag and hot glued at points hot
glued the knot and it comes out to be
kind of that kind of a situation I
connected it in the middle and at the
top and what I'll do is I'll wait the
bottom with something metal or something
I don't know
okay all right I know it's gonna be
really heavy but dang it I was in a
hurry
basically the finished product is a
banner it's probably the best footlong
maybe foot-and-a-half the strain is a
rubber band this was thanks to another
YouTube video that showed the rubber
band was safer to kids who got caught on
a tree or something
basically the drop module when the
batteries plugged in okay it will be
strong enough to hold that thing okay
and then it'll just hang like that as
the plane as a plane goes and then of
course when the drop module is released
then there goes your banner the whole
thing is about six yards long and string
I just want to have a kite string and I
went ahead and reinforced the end of the
banner opposite with carbon strip and a
little screw at the bottom for weight so
I mean I've got a lot of weight on this
thing there's a couple of nuts in a
washer when it's all done to make sure
that it's not twisting and it won't
twist in flight in fact it flies pretty
good one thing you want to be careful of
when you take off is you want to make
sure that you don't run over the string
because if the string gets caught on
your tail wheel it will cause problems
so you lay your string out alongside the
Super Cub and the takeoff will peel peel
the banner up once the planes in the
area we'll just peel it up like this and
way she goes and that's how you make a
banner